There are multiple rainbows.
You see?
What the striker said is true
And there were multiple rainbows.
And this lot of birds
Is there really a hurricane?
How is that possible?
What should I do?
Maybe 5 minutes
I'll take you away from Giant Peak in a while with the show
The monk can walk and still hit the glass
Isn't bird-shaped glass a normal thing?
I just said that these multiple rainbows
Hot weather
seawater transpiration
Light refracts into a rainbow
This is something we can't argue about
Do you know
This is something you can learn in elementary school textbooks
You don't know that, do you?
Mr. Gangamoto made my hair die, hahaha
Damn, we've all been deceived by this guy.
Breeze
You can deceive ordinary people with this trick
Trying to deceive Mr. Gangamoto is simply delusional
Stay if you want to die
Let's go, no way
Wait, you can go if you want.
Sign me the gorgeous sale agreement
There's going to be a hurricane here in 2 minutes
Deng Mengran, if you want to die, you can stay here
What the hell are we going for a hurricane?
Qin Feng still dares to talk nonsense
I'd like to see what hurricanes are there today
The hurricane is really coming.